Update to the SOPS GPG part of the docs (#15)
giantswarm/gitops-template: docs/repo_structure.md

the `MC_NAME.yaml` Kustomization CR, whereas resources below the line are managed by the `WC_NAME.yaml`, see the
[Flux Kustomization CRs Involved](#flux-kustomizations-crs-involved).

> Security of resources is provided by the means of GPG encryption. Repository provides a way to manage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The security of resources is provided by GPG encryption. The repository provides a way to manage
```

all the encryption and decryption keys through its structure, see the [Security Architecture](#security-architecture).

## Security Architecture

Security of the repository relies on the [Mozilla' SOPS](https://github.com/mozilla/sops) and GPG encryption, mostly
due to its platform independence and simplicity.

### Overview

At minimum, each management cluster MUST have a dedicated GPG master key-pair, even when no encryption is required at
the time of bootstraping. The GPG master key-pair is what enables user to store other GPG key-paris safely into this
repository and deliver them to the cluster in a GitOps manner. Hence it SHOULD be used to encrypt other GPG key-pairs,

> but user MAY also choose to encrypt other resources with the master key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but a user MAY also choose to encrypt other resources with the master key.
```

                     |
                 (creates) <---(decrypts with)--- MC_NAME.gpgkey.enc.yaml
                     |
                     |
  OTHER_RESOURCES <--+--> WC_NAME.yaml
                               |
                               |
                           (creates) <---(decrypts with)--- WC_NAME.gpgkey.enc.yaml
                               |
                               |
                               ˅
                         OTHER_RESOURCES
```

### Number of GPG Keys

In their most basic forms both, the `MC_NAME.gpgkey.enc.yaml` and the `WC_NAME.gpgkey.enc.yaml` secrets contain
only a single private GPG key each, of the master and workload cluster' key-pair respectively. Each key is being
prescribed a basic encryption rule in within the `.sops.yaml`, see example below:

```yaml
creation_rules:
  - encrypted_regex: ^(data|stringData)$
    path_regex: management-clusters/demomc/secrets/.*\.enc\.yaml
    pgp: 0000000000000000000000000000000000000001
  - encrypted_regex: ^(data|stringData)$
    path_regex: management-clusters/demomc/organizations/demo-gitops/workload-clusters/demo0/.*\.enc\.yaml
    pgp: 0000000000000000000000000000000000000002
```

> If more granular encryption scenario is needed, user MAY choose to enrich either one them with additional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If more a granular encryption scenario is needed, users MAY choose to enrich either one of them with additional
```

> private keys. In such case user is also REQUIRED to update the `.sops.yaml` file with the respective encryption rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
private keys. In such cases, the user is also REQUIRED to update the `.sops.yaml` file with the respective encryption rules.
```

> Let's consider a simple example of such scenario. Imagine user decides to provide encryption for the `demo-gitops`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's consider a simple example of such scenario. Imagine a user decides to provide encryption for the `demo-gitops`
```

> organization' secrets with a separate key-pair, and then also to keep both, `app1` and `app2` Apps, secured with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
organization secrets with a separate key-pair, and then also to keep both `app1` and `app2` Apps secured with
```

creation_rules:
  - encrypted_regex: ^(data|stringData)$
    path_regex: management-clusters/demomc/secrets/.*\.enc\.yaml
    pgp: 0000000000000000000000000000000000000001 # master key
  - encrypted_regex: ^(data|stringData)$
    path_regex: management-clusters/demomc/organizations/demo-gitops/secrets/.*\.enc\.yaml
    pgp: 0000000000000000000000000000000000000002 # organization key
  - encrypted_regex: ^(data|stringData)$
    path_regex: management-clusters/demomc/organizations/demo-gitops/workload-clusters/demo0/apps/app1/.*\.enc\.yaml
    pgp: 0000000000000000000000000000000000000003 # app1 key
  - encrypted_regex: ^(data|stringData)$
    path_regex: management-clusters/demomc/organizations/demo-gitops/workload-clusters/demo0/apps/app2/.*\.enc\.yaml
    pgp: 0000000000000000000000000000000000000004 # app2 key
```

```yaml
## MC_NAME.gpgkey.enc.yaml ##
apiVersion: v1
data:
    demomc.master.asc: BASE64_ENCODED_MASTER_PRIVATE_KEY #01
    demomc.demo-gitops.asc: BASE64_ENCODED_ORGANIZATION_PRIVATE_KEY #02
kind: Secret
metadata:
    name: sops-gpg-master
```

```yaml
## WC_NAME.gpgkey.enc.yaml ##
apiVersion: v1
data:
    demo0.app1.asc: BASE64_ENCODED_APP1_PRIVATE_KEY #03

>     demo0.app2.asc: BASE64_ENCODED_APP2_PRIVATE_KEY #04

Reviewer: These are base64-encoded representations of the _encrypted_ private keys, right?

Author: It's actually the oher way around :D These are base64-encoded representation of unencrypted private keys, but the whole Kubernetes Secret is going to be encrypted with SOPS.

Author: But of course, either way, the secret will be kept encrypted in the repository. Let me emphasize this in the example

Author: Added `SOPS_ENCRYPTED` prefix

the `MC_NAME.yaml` Kustomization CR, whereas resources below the line are managed by the `WC_NAME.yaml`, see the
[Flux Kustomization CRs Involved](#flux-kustomizations-crs-involved).

Security of resources is provided by the means of GPG encryption. Repository provides a way to manage
all the encryption and decryption keys through its structure, see the [Security Architecture](#security-architecture).

## Security Architecture

> 

Reviewer 2: A short 'why' intro would be nice here as well. Can you also drop a paragraph about how to arrange the keys if you want to have per org keys?

Security of the repository relies on the [Mozilla' SOPS](https://github.com/mozilla/sops) and GPG encryption.

> At minimum, each management cluster MUST be created a GPG master key-pair, even when no encryption is required at

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At minimum, each management cluster MUST have a dedicated GPG master key-pair, even when no encryption is required at
```

```

### Number of GPG Keys

In their most basic forms, both the `MC_NAME.gpgkey.enc.yaml` and the `WC_NAME.gpgkey.enc.yaml` secrets contain
only a single private GPG key each: the master and workload cluster' key-pair, respectively. Each key is being
prescribed a basic encryption rule in within the `.sops.yaml`, see example below:

```yaml
creation_rules:
  - encrypted_regex: ^(data|stringData)$
    path_regex: management-clusters/demomc/secrets/.*\.enc\.yaml
    pgp: 0000000000000000000000000000000000000001
  - encrypted_regex: ^(data|stringData)$
    path_regex: management-clusters/demomc/organizations/demo-gitops/workload-clusters/demo0/.*\.enc\.yaml
    pgp: 0000000000000000000000000000000000000002
```

If more a granular encryption scenario is needed, users MAY choose to enrich either one of them with additional
private keys. In such cases, the user is also REQUIRED to update the `.sops.yaml` file with the respective encryption rules.
Let's consider a simple example of such scenario. Imagine a user decides to provide encryption for the `demo-gitops`
organization secrets with a separate key-pair, and then also to keep both `app1` and `app2` Apps secured with

> their own individual key-pairs. The resultant configuration may look like the one presented below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
their own individual key-pairs. The resulting configuration may look like the one presented below.
```
